Clarify the use of tmpfs volumes in container runtime (#2053)
balena-io/docs: pages/learn/develop/runtime.md

{{> "general/persistent-storage"}}

### Temporary directories

> Note that the `/tmp` and `/var/tmp` directories in a container are not true `tmpfs` volumes by default, and they are treated like any other ephemeral container layers.

Reviewer: Do we have a standard link for folks to refer to what exactly is a `tmpfs` volume?
I am saying because, I didn't know and since we are mentioning they are `not  true tmpfs volumes`. I think we need them to be certain exactly as to what tmpfs is.

Reviewer: This seems nice https://www.kernel.org/doc/html/latest/filesystems/tmpfs.html

> As a result you can expect that data in these directories will persist over a device reboot, but will **not** persist over a [services restart](https://www.balena.io/docs/learn/manage/actions/#restart-application).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a result, you can expect that data in these directories will persist over a device reboot, but will **not** persist when a [services restart](https://www.balena.io/docs/learn/manage/actions/#restart-fleet) is triggered.
```

> If you would like these directories to act more like `tmpfs` volumes and write to volatile memory, you can add these lines in your compose file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you would like these directories to act more like `tmpfs` volumes and write to volatile memory, you can add these lines in your `docker-compose.yml` file.
```
